What knowledge and/or skills did you learn?
    - Aspects of the language?
        + I learned how to use hooks and how to update data for the users to see, live. Also learned how to fetch data,
        make backend endpoints.
    
    - Specific topics?
        + I learned how to fetch data from the backend server, responses, async and await, and more. Show all of the information
        fetched from the backend onto the DOM, and be able to log users in and keep them logged in until their session runs out.
    
    - Specific java classes?
        + I used i18n for translation, Axios for fetching, as well as the built-in fetch function
        inside javascript, and some other web design frameworks like bootstrap and fontawesome. 
    
    - Project management?
        + Just realized (more) about how important it is to use git. I also kept the back and front end folders seperate
        so it wouldn't be such a mess. But for the final submission I had to merge them together. Also if I were to push
        this project to my server, and use it globally at a production level, I'd have to have them together anyways, so..
    
    - Time management?
        + I had multiple other culminating projects, and managing time was difficult, but I always put at least
        one hour aside for ICS. Also my calender (in project proposal) came in handy, to keep track of all of the things I 
        needed to get done.

What problems did you experience? 
    + Lots of problems. Like fetching data from the server and then immediately 
    updating the DOM with new data. Logging users in was also a pain but managed to make it work.
    
    - How did you overcome them?
        + Just by persisting, researching, watching, and doing. Mostly from StackOverflow,
        YouTube tutorials, and some official docs.
    
    - Show your learning that isn’t explicitly shown through the code?
        + Online docs, and YouTube videos. For example, Dennis Ivy on YT has helped me a lot with react.
        https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTZRcDjjkVajGL6wd76UnGg and he helped me set up the log-in system.
        As well as https://www.youtube.com/c/TheNetNinja who helped me a lot at the beginning when I had no idea how react worked.

Survey password: Food falling through the gutters are grate.